README.md, before:

# **Flutter Examples**

This repository only aims to list examples of packages/custom widgets and applications developed with **[Flutter](https://github.com/flutter/flutter)** for the purpose of curiosity and study. For more info about it, check it's website or repository, since it's open source and a great tool for developing beautiful applications for mobile, web and desktop.

**PS: Some projects are fully functional, some only has the UI built.**

This following project is a great source to study about project structure, use of MobX, consume API, routing and more. This one deserves a special and slower look. Here it is:

**Flutter MVC MobX** -- [Repository](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/FlutterMVCMobX?fbclid=IwAR0G1X3QlITVQy960wTqsDSiYYnUiMbNfhoY2aplivlFUijmHLz5M0QBF9A) -- [Creator's youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd-vLa_qcKve3CsDFlYiygA)

### And now, the full list of projects built with **Flutter**:

Project | Repository | Video
--- | --- | ---
**FlipPage-App** | [link](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/FlipPage-App) | [link](https://www.facebook.com/renato.mota.750/videos/3420160001333601/)
**Book App** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/flutterbookapp) | [link](https://youtu.be/Zz0IKZBnk_Y)
**Messages** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/messages) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CV7b5d6twtE&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR2bCaSc5EymV8-Rpqj1eC8PRUl2Q9Hct1bVbHBygy0D5eoFhu022hVTJLw)
**Doctor Booking** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/doctor_booking_app) | [link 1](https://youtu.be/ilkno_gqNu0) - [link 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-P3Qj51X2s&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR27sS_u9hDpZJcqXleuEjkiW6kFR9DPzyCf4Z3P2bZeel_7B1v5O6XzeE0)
**Restaurant** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/rest_app) | empty
**Uvento** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/uvento) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_B1bgqGmzGM&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR0Q2NqxStagshkQmhm97aInj3GSIlgAs9_TdUC9sBsEqBubrFenUoZxl3s)
**CreditAccount** | [link](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/CreditAccountApp?fbclid=IwAR1afeWN82blg2_J1jruVCgZqX4nNC3jQd7YW6so8HpscJC5oJCeYAxw5sQ) | [link](https://www.facebook.com/renato.mota.750/videos/3407093809306887/)
**ShoeStore** | [link](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/ShoeStore) | [link](https://www.facebook.com/renato.mota.750/videos/3403537689662499/)
**E-Commerce** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/flutterecomapp) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQ-6Zo0vbAk&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR0TbGljf2djLg8TwQbdhfiu3aDFyxyCFj8VSShIGOjDz3ofqhhYU5XzpU0)
**Flutter MVC MobX** | [link](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/FlutterMVCMobX?fbclid=IwAR0G1X3QlITVQy960wTqsDSiYYnUiMbNfhoY2aplivlFUijmHLz5M0QBF9A) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd-vLa_qcKve3CsDFlYiygA)
**PokeDex MobX** | [link](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/PokeDex_MobX?fbclid=IwAR2T20b2whnaDoLsaoZiYS9YXwKn6clCdPHlw4lhfEnEBLFGo38Ga1WhI7M) | [link](https://www.facebook.com/renato.mota.750/videos/3271876666161936/)
**ChitChat** | [link](https://github.com/Wandersonjack/chitchat-chat-app?fbclid=IwAR2KqVmDgtqN6z1C0Dltp5YiryRJMnn1UX4V9lt37ai4hkK1GaldOMKRkPo) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-igXZCCrrc)
**Another E-Commerce** | [link](https://github.com/TheAlphamerc/flutter_ecommerce_app) | empty
**Reflectly based login screen** | [link](https://github.com/sagarshende23/Reflectly-Login-Screen) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbuKFQu6CgA&feature=youtu.be)

### And the list with Packages/Custom Widgets:

Widget | Description | Link
--- | --- | ---
**Flutter Icons** | Customizable Icons for Flutter,Inspired by react-native-vector-icons | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_icons)
**Google Fonts** | The google_fonts package for Flutter allows you to easily use any of the 977 fonts from fonts.google.com in your Flutter app. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/google_fonts)
**Flutter Swiper** | The best swiper(carousel) for flutter, with multiple layouts, infinite loop. Compatible with Android & iOS. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_swiper)
**Sliding Sheet** | A widget that can be dragged and scrolled in a single gesture and snapped to a list of extents. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/sliding_sheet)
**Sliding Up Panel** | A draggable Flutter widget that makes implementing a SlidingUpPanel much easier! | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/sliding_up_panel)
**Flutter Login** | A ready-made login/signup widget with many animation effects to demonstrate the capabilities of Flutter | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_login)
**Flutter Slidable** | A Flutter implementation of slidable list item with directional slide actions that can be dismissed. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_slidable)
**Path Provider** | A Flutter plugin for finding commonly used locations on the filesystem. Supports iOS and Android. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider)
**Share** | A Flutter plugin to share content from your Flutter app via the platform's share dialog. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider)
**JSON Serializable** | Provides Dart Build System builders for handling JSON. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/json_serializable)
**Provider** | A mixture between dependency injection (DI) and state management, built with widgets for widgets. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/provider)
**MobX** | Library for reactively managing the state of your applications. Use the power of observables, actions, and reactions to supercharge your Dart and Flutter apps. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/mobx)
**Flutter MobX** | Flutter integration with [MobX.dart](https://pub.dev/packages/mobx). Provides the Observer widget that listens to observables and automatically rebuilds on changes. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_mobx)
**Redux** | Redux for Dart using generics for typed State. It includes a rich ecosystem of Docs, Middleware, Dev Tools and can be combined with Flutter using the [flutter_redux](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_redux) package. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/redux)
**Flutter Redux** | A set of utilities that allow you to easily consume a Redux Store to build Flutter Widgets. This package is built to work with [Redux.dart](https://pub.dev/packages/redux). | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_redux)
**Flutter Launch Icons** | A package which simplifies the task of updating your Flutter app's launcher icon. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_launcher_icons)
**Flutter WebView** | A plugin that allow Flutter to communicate with a native Webview. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_webview_plugin)
**Firebase Core** | A Flutter plugin to use the Firebase Core API, which enables connecting to multiple Firebase apps. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/firebase_core)
**Firebase Auth** | Flutter plugin for Firebase Auth, enabling Android and iOS authentication using passwords, phone numbers and identity providers like Google, Facebook and Twitter. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/firebase_auth)
**Firebase Storage** | Flutter plugin for Firebase Cloud Storage, a powerful, simple, and cost-effective object storage service for Android and iOS. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/firebase_storage)
**Image Picker** | A Flutter plugin for iOS and Android for picking images from the image library, and taking new pictures with the camera. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker)
**Google Sign-In** | Flutter plugin for Google Sign-In, a secure authentication system for signing in with a Google account on Android and iOS. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in)
**Connectivity** | Flutter plugin for discovering the state of the network (WiFi & mobile/cellular) connectivity on Android and iOS. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity)
**Google Maps** | A Flutter plugin for integrating Google Maps in iOS and Android applications. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter)
**Flutter SVG** | An SVG rendering and widget library for Flutter, which allows painting and displaying Scalable Vector Graphics 1.1 files. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_svg)
**Geolocator** | Geolocation plugin for Flutter. This plugin provides a cross-platform (iOS, Android) API for generic location (GPS etc.) functions. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/geolocator)
**Device Info** | Flutter plugin providing detailed information about the device (make, model, etc.), and Android or iOS version the app is running on. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/device_info)
**Video Player** | Flutter plugin for displaying inline video with other Flutter widgets on Android and iOS. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/video_player)
**Flutter Local Notifications** | A cross platform plugin for displaying and scheduling local notifications for Flutter applications with the ability to customise for each platform. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_local_notifications)
**Pull to Refresh** | A widget provided to the flutter scroll component drop-down refresh and pull up load. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/pull_to_refresh)
**Shimmer** | A package that provides an easy way to add shimmer effect in Flutter project | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/shimmer)
**Barcode Scanner** | A flutter plugin for scanning 2D barcodes and QRCodes via camera. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/barcode_scan)
**QR.Flutter** | QR.Flutter is a Flutter library for simple and fast QR code rendering via a Widget or custom painter. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/qr_flutter)
**QR** | A QR code generation library for Dart and Flutter. Supports QR code version 1 through 40, error correction and redundancy. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/qr)
**Local Auth** | Flutter plugin for Android and iOS device authentication sensors such as Fingerprint Reader and Touch ID. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/local_auth)
**Fluro** | Fluro is a Flutter routing library that adds flexible routing options like wildcards, named parameters and clear route definitions. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/fluro)
**OneSignal Flutter SDK** | OneSignal is a free push notification service for mobile apps. This plugin makes it easy to integrate your flutter app with OneSignal | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/onesignal_flutter)
**Curved Navigation Bar** | Stunning Animating Curved Shape Navigation Bar. Adjustable color, background color, animation curve, animation duration. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/curved_navigation_bar)
**Page Transition** | This package gives you beautiful page transitions. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/page_transition)
**Bloc** | A predictable state management library that helps implement the BLoC (Business Logic Component) design pattern. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/bloc)
**Flutter Bloc** | Flutter Widgets that make it easy to implement the BLoC (Business Logic Component) design pattern. Built to be used with the bloc state management package. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_bloc)
**Bloc Pattern** | Package that helps you implementing BloC Pattern by Dependency Injection in your project. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/bloc_pattern)
**Global Configuration** | A flutter package for managing different configurations and making them available everythere inside the app. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/global_configuration)
**Shared Preferences** | Flutter plugin for reading and writing simple key-value pairs. Wraps NSUserDefaults on iOS and SharedPreferences on Android. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences)
**Sensors** | Flutter plugin for accessing the Android and iOS accelerometer and gyroscope sensors. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors)

Commit message:

adds contribution guide and icons to style the README

README.md, after:

# 🔥 **Flutter Examples**

This repository only aims to list examples of packages/custom widgets and applications developed with **[Flutter](https://github.com/flutter/flutter)** for the purpose of curiosity and study. For more info about it, check it's website or repository, since it's open source and a great tool for developing beautiful applications for mobile, web and desktop.

❗ **PS: Some projects are fully functional, some only has the UI built.** ❗

This following project is a great source to study about project structure, use of MobX, consume API, routing and more. This one deserves a special and slower look. Here it is:

**Flutter MVC MobX** -- [Repository](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/FlutterMVCMobX?fbclid=IwAR0G1X3QlITVQy960wTqsDSiYYnUiMbNfhoY2aplivlFUijmHLz5M0QBF9A) -- [Creator's youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd-vLa_qcKve3CsDFlYiygA)

### **And now, the full list of projects built with **Flutter**:**

Project | Repository | Video
--- | --- | ---
**FlipPage-App** | [link](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/FlipPage-App) | [link](https://www.facebook.com/renato.mota.750/videos/3420160001333601/)
**Book App** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/flutterbookapp) | [link](https://youtu.be/Zz0IKZBnk_Y)
**Messages** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/messages) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CV7b5d6twtE&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR2bCaSc5EymV8-Rpqj1eC8PRUl2Q9Hct1bVbHBygy0D5eoFhu022hVTJLw)
**Doctor Booking** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/doctor_booking_app) | [link 1](https://youtu.be/ilkno_gqNu0) - [link 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-P3Qj51X2s&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR27sS_u9hDpZJcqXleuEjkiW6kFR9DPzyCf4Z3P2bZeel_7B1v5O6XzeE0)
**Restaurant** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/rest_app) | empty
**Uvento** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/uvento) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_B1bgqGmzGM&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR0Q2NqxStagshkQmhm97aInj3GSIlgAs9_TdUC9sBsEqBubrFenUoZxl3s)
**CreditAccount** | [link](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/CreditAccountApp?fbclid=IwAR1afeWN82blg2_J1jruVCgZqX4nNC3jQd7YW6so8HpscJC5oJCeYAxw5sQ) | [link](https://www.facebook.com/renato.mota.750/videos/3407093809306887/)
**ShoeStore** | [link](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/ShoeStore) | [link](https://www.facebook.com/renato.mota.750/videos/3403537689662499/)
**E-Commerce** | [link](https://github.com/theindianappguy/flutterecomapp) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQ-6Zo0vbAk&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR0TbGljf2djLg8TwQbdhfiu3aDFyxyCFj8VSShIGOjDz3ofqhhYU5XzpU0)
**Flutter MVC MobX** | [link](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/FlutterMVCMobX?fbclid=IwAR0G1X3QlITVQy960wTqsDSiYYnUiMbNfhoY2aplivlFUijmHLz5M0QBF9A) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd-vLa_qcKve3CsDFlYiygA)
**PokeDex MobX** | [link](https://github.com/RenatoLucasMota/PokeDex_MobX?fbclid=IwAR2T20b2whnaDoLsaoZiYS9YXwKn6clCdPHlw4lhfEnEBLFGo38Ga1WhI7M) | [link](https://www.facebook.com/renato.mota.750/videos/3271876666161936/)
**ChitChat** | [link](https://github.com/Wandersonjack/chitchat-chat-app?fbclid=IwAR2KqVmDgtqN6z1C0Dltp5YiryRJMnn1UX4V9lt37ai4hkK1GaldOMKRkPo) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-igXZCCrrc)
**Another E-Commerce** | [link](https://github.com/TheAlphamerc/flutter_ecommerce_app) | empty
**Reflectly based login screen** | [link](https://github.com/sagarshende23/Reflectly-Login-Screen) | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbuKFQu6CgA&feature=youtu.be)
**TheGorgeousLogin** | [link](https://github.com/huextrat/TheGorgeousLogin) | empty

---

### **And the list with Packages/Custom Widgets:**

Package | Description | Link
--- | --- | ---
**Flutter Icons** | Customizable Icons for Flutter,Inspired by react-native-vector-icons | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_icons)
**Google Fonts** | The google_fonts package for Flutter allows you to easily use any of the 977 fonts from fonts.google.com in your Flutter app. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/google_fonts)
**Flutter Swiper** | The best swiper(carousel) for flutter, with multiple layouts, infinite loop. Compatible with Android & iOS. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_swiper)
**Sliding Sheet** | A widget that can be dragged and scrolled in a single gesture and snapped to a list of extents. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/sliding_sheet)
**Sliding Up Panel** | A draggable Flutter widget that makes implementing a SlidingUpPanel much easier! | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/sliding_up_panel)
**Flutter Login** | A ready-made login/signup widget with many animation effects to demonstrate the capabilities of Flutter | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_login)
**Flutter Slidable** | A Flutter implementation of slidable list item with directional slide actions that can be dismissed. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_slidable)
**Path Provider** | A Flutter plugin for finding commonly used locations on the filesystem. Supports iOS and Android. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider)
**Share** | A Flutter plugin to share content from your Flutter app via the platform's share dialog. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/path_provider)
**JSON Serializable** | Provides Dart Build System builders for handling JSON. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/json_serializable)
**Provider** | A mixture between dependency injection (DI) and state management, built with widgets for widgets. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/provider)
**MobX** | Library for reactively managing the state of your applications. Use the power of observables, actions, and reactions to supercharge your Dart and Flutter apps. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/mobx)
**Flutter MobX** | Flutter integration with [MobX.dart](https://pub.dev/packages/mobx). Provides the Observer widget that listens to observables and automatically rebuilds on changes. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_mobx)
**Redux** | Redux for Dart using generics for typed State. It includes a rich ecosystem of Docs, Middleware, Dev Tools and can be combined with Flutter using the [flutter_redux](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_redux) package. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/redux)
**Flutter Redux** | A set of utilities that allow you to easily consume a Redux Store to build Flutter Widgets. This package is built to work with [Redux.dart](https://pub.dev/packages/redux). | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_redux)
**Flutter Launch Icons** | A package which simplifies the task of updating your Flutter app's launcher icon. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_launcher_icons)
**Flutter WebView** | A plugin that allow Flutter to communicate with a native Webview. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_webview_plugin)
**Firebase Core** | A Flutter plugin to use the Firebase Core API, which enables connecting to multiple Firebase apps. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/firebase_core)
**Firebase Auth** | Flutter plugin for Firebase Auth, enabling Android and iOS authentication using passwords, phone numbers and identity providers like Google, Facebook and Twitter. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/firebase_auth)
**Firebase Storage** | Flutter plugin for Firebase Cloud Storage, a powerful, simple, and cost-effective object storage service for Android and iOS. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/firebase_storage)
**Image Picker** | A Flutter plugin for iOS and Android for picking images from the image library, and taking new pictures with the camera. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/image_picker)
**Google Sign-In** | Flutter plugin for Google Sign-In, a secure authentication system for signing in with a Google account on Android and iOS. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in)
**Connectivity** | Flutter plugin for discovering the state of the network (WiFi & mobile/cellular) connectivity on Android and iOS. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/connectivity)
**Google Maps** | A Flutter plugin for integrating Google Maps in iOS and Android applications. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter)
**Flutter SVG** | An SVG rendering and widget library for Flutter, which allows painting and displaying Scalable Vector Graphics 1.1 files. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_svg)
**Geolocator** | Geolocation plugin for Flutter. This plugin provides a cross-platform (iOS, Android) API for generic location (GPS etc.) functions. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/geolocator)
**Device Info** | Flutter plugin providing detailed information about the device (make, model, etc.), and Android or iOS version the app is running on. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/device_info)
**Video Player** | Flutter plugin for displaying inline video with other Flutter widgets on Android and iOS. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/video_player)
**Flutter Local Notifications** | A cross platform plugin for displaying and scheduling local notifications for Flutter applications with the ability to customise for each platform. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_local_notifications)
**Pull to Refresh** | A widget provided to the flutter scroll component drop-down refresh and pull up load. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/pull_to_refresh)
**Shimmer** | A package that provides an easy way to add shimmer effect in Flutter project | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/shimmer)
**Barcode Scanner** | A flutter plugin for scanning 2D barcodes and QRCodes via camera. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/barcode_scan)
**QR.Flutter** | QR.Flutter is a Flutter library for simple and fast QR code rendering via a Widget or custom painter. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/qr_flutter)
**QR** | A QR code generation library for Dart and Flutter. Supports QR code version 1 through 40, error correction and redundancy. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/qr)
**Local Auth** | Flutter plugin for Android and iOS device authentication sensors such as Fingerprint Reader and Touch ID. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/local_auth)
**Fluro** | Fluro is a Flutter routing library that adds flexible routing options like wildcards, named parameters and clear route definitions. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/fluro)
**OneSignal Flutter SDK** | OneSignal is a free push notification service for mobile apps. This plugin makes it easy to integrate your flutter app with OneSignal | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/onesignal_flutter)
**Curved Navigation Bar** | Stunning Animating Curved Shape Navigation Bar. Adjustable color, background color, animation curve, animation duration. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/curved_navigation_bar)
**Page Transition** | This package gives you beautiful page transitions. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/page_transition)
**Bloc** | A predictable state management library that helps implement the BLoC (Business Logic Component) design pattern. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/bloc)
**Flutter Bloc** | Flutter Widgets that make it easy to implement the BLoC (Business Logic Component) design pattern. Built to be used with the bloc state management package. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_bloc)
**Bloc Pattern** | Package that helps you implementing BloC Pattern by Dependency Injection in your project. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/bloc_pattern)
**Global Configuration** | A flutter package for managing different configurations and making them available everythere inside the app. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/global_configuration)
**Shared Preferences** | Flutter plugin for reading and writing simple key-value pairs. Wraps NSUserDefaults on iOS and SharedPreferences on Android. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/shared_preferences)
**Sensors** | Flutter plugin for accessing the Android and iOS accelerometer and gyroscope sensors. | [link](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors)

## 🤘 **Contribution**
You are welcome and free to contribute with this index of projects and packages ❤️

**Don't know how? Not a problem!** Just follow the steps bellow:
- Fork this repository
- Create a new branch and switch to it
  - `git checkout -b my_awesome_branch`
- Add new entries as you wish
  - Doesn't matter if it's just one or a thousand new entries
  - Doesn't matter if it's an app or a package
  - The only thing that matters is to grow as a community ✌
- Commit and push to your branch
  - `git commit -m "adds new awesome entries to both projects and packages"`
  - `git push origin my_awesome_branch`
- Create a Pull Request and wait for it to be accepted, which most certainly will really soon ✅
- Once your Pull Request is accepted, you can delete your branch ⛔
